the United Nations released a report
this week that says among other things
more than a million species of plants
and animals are facing extinction which
is a scary thing that we will do nothing
about you know if pizza was in danger of
going extinct we were going up we band
together to protect our national
pepperoni reserves but this is something
we need to act on so to raise awareness
we went on the street we asked people if
they're worried about one endangered
species in particular Homo sapiens which
of course our humans are us and we asked
humans if they care about the extinction
of humans and this is what we got back
[Music]
it's a big hot-button issue right now in
the environmental community are the Homo
sapiens worth saving what's your take
yes
why is that just because there's a lot
of animals that are extinct now that
were amazing back in the day about like
like dinosaurs they extinct and someday
we could look back and be like oh we
didn't save them the Homo sapiens right
yeah so we didn't save them so like
maybe they could be like the next
dinosaur because the dinosaurs hunted
they killed each other and other
creatures so so you're saying let's not
let the Homo sapiens become like the
dinosaurs kind of we have to find a way
to live with the Homo sapiens in a way
where we don't you know they don't
affect us we want to affect I'm kind of
like in a separation type away I don't
know what a homo sapien is if they're
going extinct that's very sad but at the
end of the day I don't care
it's not the fact that I don't like Homo
sapiens
it's just that we've always lived
without him so we don't know anything at
all what would you be willing to give up
to save the homo sapiens
my question thank you I think you just
give it your heart to get what you feel
would you do a hundred dollars a month I
would say probably fifty you ever seen a
homo sapien you don't want to know yeah
I saw one once at the zoo described it
furry yep big mm-hmm
gorilla okay he was picking his watch
Attili he was yeah I've never seen one
do that well I did is it worth saving
them with our taxpayer dollars no cuz we
use it better somewhere else than homo
sapiens
like busy bear our railroads or the
streets or the communities and homeless
up filters much better to the homo
sapiens Homo sapiens let him die say the
humans
[Applause]
plan I am Jimmy Kimmel click below to
subscribe to our YouTube channel or if
you want to be that way about it though